Even so
You shouldn't have kept it from me
Buckwheat has been approving for you for so many years
And you never told him?
I have a business relationship with him
But in the end
Or do I owe him?
Are you going to compensate him?
Don't I dare to compensate
That's not what I meant.
Cheng Yu
I will also make up for the buckwheat well.
Don't abandon me, okay?
Even if my throat is broken now
I will also try my best
Sing a lullaby for you
That lullaby
Accompanied me through the darkest moment of my life
How could I be willing to leave you, fool?
Thank you Cheng Yu
Let go of me!
Who are you?
What to do?
Oops, you're back.
I remember.
There's not only one ugly and
Does the fat woman live here?
How are you
The person you are looking for is buckwheat, right?
How do you know him?
Since I didn't find him
Then I'll recruit you
otherwise
I have never seen a woman as beautiful as you
Or what?